## Lab 6

### Pros of Test Driven Development:
One pro of Test Driven Development (TDD) is that it generally results in better test coverage, as the tests are being written early on in the process. This can result in more bugs being uncovered during development rather than during QA, which leads to more efficient development. It allows for much easier debugging as the small tests encouraged by TDD make it easier to narrow down issues. TDD also allows for more frequent testing of one's code as the entire test suite is already defined before any code has been written. This can make mistakes in code come up earlier rather than later, especially small mistakes which may take extensive debugging to uncover. TDD also allows for code to be much more modular. As components are added to a project, they can be tested using the usually small unit tests, encouraging taking small steps in development and testing as you go. This allows for easier to understand components to a project that are of higher quality. Modularity is very beneficial as a software project grows as it allows developers to pick up where others left off more easily, and makes general maintenance and refactoring of code easier. Modular code is also generally easier to review. Overall, TDD can result in more efficient development, and the production of easy to understand code that is more reliable.

### Cons of Test Driven Development:
One con of TDD is that it can result in developers focusing strictly on trying to pass the unit tests. This can result in bugs going unnoticed that may have been picked up by the developer if they were developing with a more open minded approach. Also, only unit testing isn't sufficient for thorough testing of a project, integration testing needs to be performed as well. With TDD, some developers may not perform much manual testing at all, thinking their code is perfect just because it passes the unit tests. This makes it critical to also set up integration testing for the project. While in the pros I mentioned how TDD can make development more efficient, it is also possible for it to slow down development in a way. TDD may slow down the start of a project if a lot of time is spent working on the unit tests, blocking the beginning of writing the actual product code itself.
